Support timezone-aware datetime dtypes in hypothesis.extra.pandas (#4811)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release adds support for generating timezone-aware datetimes in

> :ref:`hypothesis.extra.pandas <hypothesis-pandas>`.  You can now pass a
> :class:`~pandas.DatetimeTZDtype` - such as ``"datetime64[ns, UTC]"`` - as the
> ``dtype`` of a :func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.series`,
> :func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.indexes`, or
> :func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.column`, and every value will share that single
> timezone (the only arrangement pandas supports outside of the ``object``
> dtype).  The datetime resolution is taken from the dtype, so you can also
> generate e.g. ``"datetime64[us, UTC]"`` columns, and for UTC and other
> fixed-offset timezones the generated values cover the full range representable
> at that resolution - which for coarser units is far wider than the
> ``datetime64[ns]`` bounds of roughly 1677-2262 (:issue:`4020`).
> 
> Timezone-aware generation requires pandas >= 2.1: earlier versions silently
> coerce other resolutions to nanoseconds, or crash when displaying values
> outside the nanosecond-representable range.  Generated values include ``NaT``
> unless you pass an elements strategy which excludes it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RELEASE_TYPE: minor

This release adds support for generating timezone-aware datetimes in
:ref:`hypothesis.extra.pandas <hypothesis-pandas>`.  You can now pass a
:class:`~pandas.DatetimeTZDtype` - such as ``"datetime64[ns, UTC]"`` - as the
``dtype`` of a :func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.series`,
:func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.indexes`, or
:func:`~hypothesis.extra.pandas.column`, and every value will share that single
timezone.  The datetime resolution is taken from the dtype, so you can also
generate e.g. ``"datetime64[us, UTC]"`` columns, and for UTC and other
fixed-offset timezones the generated values cover the full range representable
at that resolution - which for coarser units is far wider than the
``datetime64[ns]`` bounds of roughly 1677-2262 (:issue:`4020`).

Timezone-aware generation requires pandas >= 2.1.  Generated values include ``NaT``
unless you pass an elements strategy which excludes it.
```
